Success! You've managed to infiltrate Commander Lambda's evil organization, and finally earned yourself an entry-level position as a Minion on their space station. From here, you just might be able to subvert Commander Lambda's plans to use the LAMBCHOP doomsday device to destroy Bunny Planet. Problem is, Minions are the lowest of the low in the Lambda hierarchy. Better buck up and get working, or you'll never make it to the top...

Next time Bunny HQ needs someone to infiltrate a space station to rescue bunny workers, you're going to tell them to make sure 'stay up for 48 hours straight scrubbing toilets' is part of the job description. It's only fair to warn people, after all.

You survived a week in Commander Lambda's organization, and you even managed to get yourself promoted. Hooray! Henchmen still don't have the kind of security access you'll need to take down Commander Lambda, though, so you'd better keep working. Chop chop!

At least all this time spent running errands all over Commander Lambda's space station have given you a really good understanding of the station's layout. You'll need that when you're finally ready to destroy the LAMBCHOP and rescue the bunny workers.

You got the bunny trainers to teach you a card game today, it's called Fizzbin. It's kind of pointless, but they seem to like it and it helps you pass the time while you work your way up to Commander Lambda's inner circle.

Awesome! Commander Lambda was so impressed by your efforts that you've been promoted to personal assistant. You'll be helping the Commander directly, which means you'll have access to all of Lambda's files -- including the ones on the LAMBCHOP doomsday device. This is the chance you've been waiting for. Can you use your new access to finally topple Commander Lambda's evil empire?

Who the heck puts clover and coffee creamer in their tea? Commander Lambda, apparently. When you signed up to infiltrate the organization you didn't think you'd get such an up-close and personal look at these more... unusual tastes.

There are a lot of difficult things about being undercover as Commander Lambda's personal assistant, but you have to say, the personal spa and private hot cocoa bar are pretty awesome.

Commander Lambda has six suits, three dress uniforms, four casual outfits, and one Dress-Uniform-For-Important-Speeches-Only. You know this because you've already had to take all of them to the dry cleaner's. Twice!

Excellent! You've destroyed Commander Lambda's doomsday device and saved Bunny Planet! But there's one small problem: the LAMBCHOP was a wool-y important part of the space station, and when you blew it up, you triggered a chain reaction that's tearing the station apart. Can you rescue the bunny workers and escape before the entire thing explodes?

As Commander Lambda's personal assistant, you get to deal with all of the paperwork involved in running a space station big enough to house the LAMBCHOP. And you thought Bunny HQ had too much bureaucracy...

Was that the sound of the spa facility imploding? You say a mournful mental goodbye to its sauna and massage tables. It's too bad - after all this scrambling, you really could use a nice relaxing day at the spa.

Oh no! You escaped Commander Lambda's exploding space station -- but so did the Commander, and Lambda is definitely not happy with you. Lambda is chasing you in a heavily-armed starfighter, while you and the bunny workers are stuck in these lumbering escape pods. It'll take all your wits and cleverness to escape such a hare-y situation, so you'd better hop to it!

Traveling through a nebula is a really bad idea, but with Commander Lambda hot on your tail, you don't have many options. Hopefully you can lose them once you're inside!

With one last roar of the escape pod's engines, you and your bunny companions jump to lightspeed. Congratulations! You've destroyed the LAMBCHOP, relieved the bunnies, gotten Commander Lambda off your tail, and saved the galaxy. Time for a little rest and relaxation back on Bunny Planet. Pat yourself on the back -- you've earned it!